Title: CRIEC 2019
Slug: criec2019
title_page:  CRIEC 2019
lang: en

*[Version française ici]({filename}../pages/criec2019_FR.mkd)*

## What is CRIEC ?

To paraphrase our [dedicated page]({filename}../pages/ecl1_EN.mkd):

Each year, for more than 20 years, PhD students from the Centrale schools gather 
for a __Colloque de Recherche Inter Ecoles Centrale (CRIEC — *Cross-Centrale 
Schools Research Symposium*)__.
This symposium usually takes place in the beginning of June in one of the 
Centrale schools, and aims to showcase research in Centrale schools, as well as 
tighten bonds between the different schools.
Oral presentations, posters in French and English as well as conferences from 
famous researchers allow to cover every research topic the schools take part in.
For a week, PhD students are able to meet, visit the host school's labs and 
partake in a variety of interesting events (visits, barbecues, "[Ma thèse en 
180s](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma_th%C3%A8se_en_180_secondes)" — *Three 
Minute Thesis* — competition, etc).

Organized by PhD students for PhD students, CRIEC is often a first symposium 
experience that makes it possible to showcase one's work in a relaxed 
environment, compared to giving a conference in front of an expert audience.
It also is a good networking opportunity.
As for the CRIEC organizing team, it is a first opportunity to prepare and host 
a scientific event.

CRIEC is a rewarding experience, be it for the organizers or any other attendee.
If you are still hesitating, please note that all expenses (housing, transport, 
etc.) are paid for by the organizers, and the travel expenses to get by the 
*Direction de la Recherche*.


## Great, how do I participate ?

This year (2019), CRIEC will take place **from Monday, June 17th to Thursday, 
June 20th**.

Please answer the [form we sent you by 
e-mail](https://sondages.ec-lyon.fr/index.php/323752?lang=en) **as soon as 
possible** to join us.

Attendees will be welcomed the 17th, starting at noon, on the ground floor of 
the [W1 building](https://www.openstreetmap.org/way/25311812).

## What activities can I expect for this 25th edition?

A barbecue, conferences, Lyon visit, restaurant trip and conferences are 
planned. You can [download the full 
agenda]({static}/static/Programme CRIEC 2019.pdf).
