Title: CRIEC 2019
Slug: criec
title_page:  CRIEC 2019
lang: en


Each year, for more than 20 years, PhD students from the Centrale schools gather 
for a __Colloque de Recherche Inter Ecoles Centrale (CRIEC — *Cross-Centrale 
Schools Research Symposium*)__.
This symposium usually takes place in the beginning of June in one of the 
Centrale schools, and aims to showcase research in Centrale schools, as well as 
tighten bonds between the different schools.
Oral presentations, posters in French and English as well as conferences from 
famous researchers allow to cover every research topic the schools take part in.
For a week, PhD students are able to meet, visit the host school's labs and 
partake in a variety of interesting events (visits, barbecues, "[Ma thèse en 
180s](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma_th%C3%A8se_en_180_secondes)" — *Three 
Minute Thesis* — competition, etc).

Organized by PhD students for PhD students, CRIEC is often a first symposium 
experience to showcase one's work in a relaxed environment, compared to a giving 
a conference before domain experts.
It also is a good networking opportunity.
As for the CRIEC organizing team, it is a first opportunity to prepare and host 
a scientific event.

CRIEC is a rewarding experience, be it for the organizers or any other attendee.
If you are still hesitating, please note that all expenses (housing, transport, 
etc.) are paid for by the organizers, and the travel expenses to get by the 
*Direction de la Recherche*.

Centrale Lyon hosts the CRIEC in 2019, find more information on the [dedicated 
page]({filename}../pages/criec2019_EN.mkd).

